SM-6736: File uploads limited to 50 (#804)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/versions-and-changes/v3/changelog.md

  </li>
  <li>SM-6706: <code>WorkResponse</code> has been updated to return <code>section74s</code> property which is an array of <code>Section74SummaryResponse</code> responses. These have been limited to 50 and ordered by date created.
  </li>

>   <li>SM-6736: Files uploaded have now been limited to 50. This will mean the <code>file_ids</code> array will need to be less than 50.

Reviewer: Just something in here to get across that it's a limit per entity. Whatever the wording we go for, could it be applied to the v2 changelog also 
```suggestion
  <li>SM-6736: A limit restricting the number of files which can be associated with an entity has been introduced. This will mean the <code>file_ids</code> array will need to be less than 50.
```

    This affects the following endpoints:
    <ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">

>       <li><code>POST {workReferenceNumber}/files</code></li>

Reviewer 2: Think this should be pulled out into it's own point. It doesn't take a file_ids property and will behave differently

Reviewer 2: Same for v2

Author: @cpaul92  I think it's meant to be `​/works​/{workReferenceNumber}​/files` which add files to works using `files_ids`
There is another endpoint `/files` which on swagger only lets me upload 1 file as the file binary.
I can change that to the correct end point

Reviewer 2: Yeah you're right 👍

      <li><code>POST /works</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/permits</code></li>
      <li><code>POST works/{workReferenceNumber}/permits/{permitReferenceNumber}/alterations</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/fixed-penalty-notices</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /historic-works/fixed-penalty-notices</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /historic-works/inspections</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/inspections</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /non-notifiable-works/sites</code></li>
      <li><code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/sites/{siteNumber}/reinstatements </code></li>

>       <li><code>POST works/{workReferenceNumber}/sites</code></li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <li><code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/sites</code></li>
```

Reviewer 2: Same for v2
